REVIEW: The printing is so small and the metal is so shiny , you can’t see the phone number at all.
REVIEW: I ordered two small tags, one for each of my cats and I absolutely love the look and quality of both tags. Will definitely be ordering matching tags for my dogs next.
REVIEW: I got the smallest tag available to put on my cat's harness, and it is admittedly quite small, but for a cat that's a good thing, because I know she wouldn't want a large dangly thing annoying her or clanking. The quality of the metal and etching is very nice. Definitely WAY better quality than the tags you get from one of those self-serve ID tag machines they have at Walmart or pet stores. And not much more money! I love the option of being able to put the phone number on the back; and I added the note "Indoor Pet" so if she gets lost, someone will know she's not supposed to be roaming around at large.<br /><br />The only thing I might have done differently is to maybe choose a less "scripty" font for her name, since it came out so little. If it had filled up more of the tag, it would have been better. It's not illegible, it's just not as legible as I might have preferred. But it's not a deal breaker by any means, and that was my choice to pick that font. You just might want to consider a plainer font for the smallest tag.
REVIEW: I absolutely love the tag! X-small is a prefect size for my 9 month old! Easy to read and just how I like it! And shipping was super fast for something coming from China! Couldn't be more happy!
REVIEW: I may have ordered a small without realizing it, but this name tag was so small that the text was almost impossible to read.  The quality was fine, just the wrong size for our dog.
REVIEW: Love this site!<br />Second purchase, such great craftsmanship and choice of styling!
REVIEW: Tiny, definitely for cats!
REVIEW: I have one small chihuahua and one small cavalier/papillon mix. Bought them both XS with name, symbol, and phone number. Super cute and perfect size for small dogs
REVIEW: Very happy with my new pet tags!Love that there are different font choices. Tags even came with bells to add (I ordered cat tags).
REVIEW: Great quality better than I expected for the actual tag. I love it. I will be keeping it with them for their lifetime. That's why I got it. They look great. They are smaller than I thought they were going to be. They is some assembly and you will need a tool. The tags and star don't come attached to little rings. You have to pinch the little ring around the tag and the star so that you can put them on the jump ring. I guess if you were just using the tag you could probably just put the tag on the jump ring. I think it looks better though on the little ring.
REVIEW: It’s the perfect size for our dachshund puppy. She’s 4 lbs for reference and the collar is a kitten one. It does scratch easily, but so do many ID tags. Looks great! Simple design and fits a good amount of words. They are very small, but that’s to be expected with the size (we got the xs). I can read it easily, but my husband has more trouble. We love it and depending on how big she gets, we can always size up. 😊
REVIEW: Beautiful tag! high quality.  Love it. My dog will love it too. She hates her big tag. She will be glad to be rid of the huge one she has now. The size is perfect for a small dog. I will put it on her collar tonight.
REVIEW: Super cute!!
REVIEW: So happy with my tag!!! It looks amazing and the packaging was very thoughtfully done!!❤️
REVIEW: I t was a perfect tag for my cat. The size was great for a cat collar, nice and little. it was exactly what I was looking for.
REVIEW: Such a incredible product!! Super delicate and cute, good quality and time
REVIEW: I ordered the smallest size to put on my key chain and it is perfect. Well made. The right size.  I highly recommend this product. I will order more for my pets.
REVIEW: It is so small that you can hardly read the writing on it.
REVIEW: Product arrived early and was very good quality.  Well worth the price.
REVIEW: Cutest Charm! Perfect size! Simple and adorable!!
REVIEW: It is a beautiful tag but you can barely make out the last 4 digits of the phone number.
REVIEW: This was exactly what I was looking for: a small tag with my phone number in case my cat got outside. Even though he is chipped, I like the idea of someone being able to call me without having to take him to a vet. This was perfect and I have now ordered two more as he tends to lose his collars LOL
REVIEW: Small and perfect size for my cat. Cute custom options.
REVIEW: Bought 5 for my cats-just adorable-hard to find perfect size-and absolutely adorably packaged-well done and will buy again!!
REVIEW: I ordered two tags for my cats and it is very adorable! They are easy to read, light and the design is cute! I’d like to take a picture of the tags but my cats won’t stand still for the picture lol
REVIEW: Cute and small perfect for my kitty!
REVIEW: So cute and great quality! Also loved the packaging!
REVIEW: these tags are so freaking cute! i love them! totally worth it! nice quality light weight and perfect for my kitties!
REVIEW: The tag is exactly what we wanted. Well made, clear writing, and good quality. Thank you!
REVIEW: ITS A TAG, SMALLER THAN I HOPED, BUT I DIG IT<br />YOU DON'T WANT A BIG LUMBERING TAG ON YOUR KITTY KAT LOL<br />GREAT FOR THE PRICE<br />WHAT WAS IT LIKE $4.40.<br />IT WAS DEFF WORTH IT...
REVIEW: This tag is easy to read, lightweight, and feels durable. It is small enough so it doesn't get in kitty's way but I am relieved that my contact info is on his collar at all times!
REVIEW: Great product every word is legit
REVIEW: I love it all!! The quality the package !! Just perfect!!  Highly recommended!!
REVIEW: I will have to wait a few months for my pup to grow into it.
REVIEW: Nothing everything was very nice.
REVIEW: It's small enough for my cat, wich I was worried about because he's pretty small. The quality is amazing and the engraving is easy to read and very clear! Highly recommend!!
REVIEW: [[VIDEOID:1b7c1f1ce92530c31e2a80e959d395e0]] Love it
REVIEW: We love it for our new edition to the family. It’s thick and sturdy. Letters are etched/ engraved in and not just painted on. Thank you!
REVIEW: Ordered two of these for my Pomeranian and tuxedo. Was shipped a couple days after ordering, came with the cutest packaging, and is comfortable for the both of them (very dainty, and easy to read - not gaudy and big like other tags!) They came with bells and several hoop attachments, so I matched the tag with a silver one. Besides the cute design and font, it is well made and durable. Very much worth the price :)
REVIEW: I bought it for my husky, and I ordered a large, when the product comes, it look cute but the actual product is really small.
REVIEW: When I bought the tags, it didn't give me an option to pick up the size. Looking at the pictures that other buyers posted, I assumed that the tags are standard size but what I got are the size of the dime.
REVIEW: Way to small plus i had to put the pieces together. The little bell and the chain hook all small pieces
REVIEW: i really love them they are the perfect sizes. they are shiny so depending on what light you are looking at it may not be as easy to read the tag.
REVIEW: It’s so cute I just wish it was bigger. It 1) took forever to arrive and 2) is the size of a nickel maybe even smaller. Luckily we have a puppy so it works (for now lol) so kinda annoying I’ll have to buy a new one in about two weeks when she and her collar are bigger. If you have a small dog this would be perfect
REVIEW: Got it for my cat and really liked. Elegant and good quality. I’m ordering today one for my dog!
REVIEW: I ordered this tag for my kitty, it is the perfect size and beautiful, I love the detail. I would recommend !
REVIEW: I have ordered more than a few pet ID tags recently. I am so pleased with the cute packaging. I would consciously return for my pet tag ID needs. The tag itself is the perfect size for my cat, I’m reminded of a dime. The jump rings included really made this order stand out from the crowd and reinforced this sellers attention to detail. I am very happy with my purchase. Thank you!
REVIEW: Fits my small dog perfectly. The engraving was just what I wanted.
REVIEW: Look great!
REVIEW: I ordered this dog tag, but when the tag arrived, I realized I had misclicked and ordered the wrong size. I messaged the company, and they promptly responded and sent a new tag in the right size! The quality is amazing, and you can't go wrong with good customer service!
REVIEW: It’s so cute looks amazing I LOVE it
REVIEW: So tiny smaller then a dime
REVIEW: I love this they are adorable
REVIEW: I looked for small ones so they would not be annoyed. I didn't expect much, but it is sturdy, easy to read, and cute!! I'm so happy about this purchase
REVIEW: Definitely recommend this for you furry friends. Lightweight and so cute, thank you for making this product
REVIEW: Perfect 🤩
REVIEW: Absolutely loved the name tag for our sweet kitty! They did great on it! Looks exactly like the picture! Thank you again!! 😊
REVIEW: When this came I was surprised how hard it was to read and how tiny the writing was. It’s really cute but not super practical.
REVIEW: I was concerned this might be too big for a little puppy since she won't get any bigger than 10 pounds but it was the perfect size for her.  Looked great with clear fonts.
REVIEW: They arrived exactly as expected. I purchased 5 tags in various sizes for my 2 cats and 3 dogs. They are adorable and appear to be good quality. I hope they hold up well because I love them!
REVIEW: I got my tag for my cat and it was just so beautiful I was beyond happy with what I got every thing was right and all n all it was just beautiful
REVIEW: Small
REVIEW: Great quality made for a cat not a large dog
REVIEW: I love them!! Perfect for my 3.5lb Chihuahua and her 2 15lb Russian Blues!!
REVIEW: [[VIDEOID:a1efa06dc19444a9bc865df822d0eaf2]]
REVIEW: Ordered 3 polished silver tags with name & design on front and text on back.<br />Also ordered 3 star shaped charms.<br />Size-wise, the tags and charms were perfect for our 3 little dogs (2 Miniature Pinscher & an Italian Greyhound mix).<br />The disappointment comes into play with the size of the text & design (I’m pretty sure they were engraved by someone who normally engraves names on a grain of rice), and secondly, the jump rings for the tags & charms lost their brass color within two weeks. This part is actually okay with me, but for others that are thinking they are brass, or will stay that color…..they wont.<br />The dinosaur design was the hardest to see, and had room to be larger in size. The heart design was the same situation. The best sized design was the sun, and it was paired with the largest font of the three tags.<br />I just think the font sizes need some adjustment between the different styles to better use the space. All three of the pictures tags is the same size tag.
REVIEW: It is exactly what i ordered! Thank you!
REVIEW: Perfect for kittens
REVIEW: This is a beautiful tag. Great materials, excellent quality and clear engraving. But, I requested a different metal and a different icon, and though I'm keeping the tag (again, it's an excellent product) but I do wish I had gotten the one I'd initially paid for.
REVIEW: I have a Chiweenie, so finding things that fit her size is often difficult - this is perfect. It’s about the size of a nickel but thinner than a dime!  And I was able to get a little design too!!!!
REVIEW: These tags are very pretty, however they fail to stay on. This is my second time buying them and unfortunately my last. The tag comes with open rings that you must clasp together yourself, which is very difficult to do without tools that most people don’t have. We end up using nail clippers to force the rings together but this always damages them and leaves a mark. I was really disappointed when I saw my dogs tag missing again. The rings are not ideal, they bend overtime and the tag falls off and it is a hassle to keep checking the ring everyday to see if it’s intact. We bought the star charm as well and that unfortunately fell off too.<br /><br />Update:<br /><br />Seller sent me a new tag! I highly recommend just throwing the small rings away and think they should not include them as there are other reviews complaining of the same thing. If you use them you will eventually lose the tag. Instead just loop the tag into the big ring and it won’t fall out. Updated stars for the good customer service and recommendation.
REVIEW: I like that it is lightweight, but the printing is too small even though there was plenty of room.
REVIEW: Adorable, high quality, and lightweight tags for pets! Very impressed (:
REVIEW: Super easy to read, real sturdy, feels expensive
REVIEW: This turned out so wonderfully! The craftsmanship was great, shipping was very quick, came with hardware to attach it, is easy to read, and looks so cute!
REVIEW: I have ordered multiple of these and they are great and the customer service is fantastic.
REVIEW: I ordered extra small but should have ordered a larger tag.  I like the tags seem to be good quality.
REVIEW: It is better then I could imagine and the perfect size! Also I love the free bird bell! Thankyou!
REVIEW: I love this name tag ! I got a size xs for my kitten and it’s perfect. The quality is great for the size, I definitely recommend.
REVIEW: Very small. Size like a nickel  &My doggy is huge lol I felt it was more like for a kitty then for a dog. Then again I’m not sure what the description says about size i didn’t read it so that’s my fault. The craftsmanship was very nice & pretty.
REVIEW: It is a very nice little tag. The letters are easy to read and very nice font. Loved it.
REVIEW: Came with extra jump rings to connect the tag to the collar as well.
REVIEW: Está precioso
REVIEW: Love this cute tag and it’s smaller than a dime so perfect for our cat Ernie..great quality and so worth the price. We’re so glad we ordered it!
REVIEW: I bought 2 tiny ones for my kittens. They are done with quality material. The way they were packaged was extremely cute and well thought out. I’m impressed! Thank you!
REVIEW: These are by far the best and cutest personalized pet tags I’ve ever seen! They look like fine jewelry. We have 2 cats and it is so hard to find an ID tag that is small yet can still fit all the information you need on there. I was able to put our full name and address, two phone numbers (one on front and one on the back) and the pets name! Love these! And they were shipped so fast!
REVIEW: Great packaging and great quality especially for the price! So cute
REVIEW: I ordered two of these, for my cats. They are really just perfect, better quality than I expected. They feel very solid. The printing is engraved into the metal. The tags are bright and shiny (see images).  They come with a couple of loose connector links, and I used needle nose pliers to make them very tight and secure.  They also included a couple of bells, and everything was thoughtfully packaged, very nice.  I’m very happy with his purchase overall.<br /><br />Note on size:  I got the smallest size; the printing is fairly small, and it goes right out to the edge of the tag. I think it’s still a very effective set of tags, and I do recommend them. Maybe for a dog go with the larger sizes.
REVIEW: Great product!! Love it
REVIEW: [[VIDEOID:5af9079c51ca21d3a2faac182ca5eb80]] I didn’t even realize that It came with a bell but that made it even better and even the bells are cute! Also good price for the high quality
REVIEW: Did not realize how small it was when I ordered this.<br />Size does matter, don’t let him fool you.  It was very cute but we lost it two days in.  I have a lab, so when she scratched herself she must have loosened it.  The tag was about the size of a dime for reference
REVIEW: I ordered an extra small tag for my kitten. It was exactly what I wanted! Beautiful font…perfect design. I’m ordering a second one for my dog now!
REVIEW: Great product! I made a mistake when first purchasing, contacted the shop and they fixed it right away! Also my package included a little bell that looks like a baseball to add to cat collar. So cute!
REVIEW: I love these tags SO MUCH. I ordered more for all of my pets. Perfect placement, great size options, quality metal. Easily the best tags I’ve ever purchased.
REVIEW: These are so small & beautiful, and so well-made. This is my 2nd purchase. Absolutely recommend
REVIEW: Perfect!
REVIEW: It is the perfect size for our new kitten.<br />I love the font and design, but it is very difficult to read. We added our address and a phone number on the back, which is pretty much a waste of time for the .75 tag.<br />Would I buy it again, yes.
REVIEW: The tag arrived sooner than expected, and it was perfect for my cat’s collar. I’m bringing him with me to college in the fall as an ESA, so he’s required to have a collar and ID tag, and this is perfect. Thank you so much; it was a great buy!
REVIEW: My cat gets irritated by anything on her collar but since she likes to sneak out the door I had to do something. This little charm is small enough that it doesn’t clink against her food bowls and startle her.
REVIEW: Absolutely perfect for my five month old kitten. It can be hard to find an affordable and small tag for pets. Our kitten is indoor only, but I wanted something that won't bother her but stays on her in the event she slips out of the house. Came relatively quick for a custom product and it looks beautiful on her.
REVIEW: I got the smallest tag for my 3 lb pup. She had one from petsmart but it was too big and she would put it in her mouth but this one is working so well and doesn’t bother her like the other one did. I love it!
REVIEW: Very cute. Very very small
REVIEW: I ordered this very cute little dog tag for my new little dog. Unfortunately, when it arrived, the phone number on the tag was incorrect.  Not the company’s fault.  I apparently had type- o. My fault. They sent me a new one anyway.  !! Very happy.
REVIEW: Good quality. Size is just right for small dog. Priced right.
REVIEW: It’s the perfect size for our 7 month old yorkie and the print is adorable. Easy to read, sturdy and stylish!
REVIEW: I bought two of the extra small in shiny silver for my cats.  They have two names, the hearts, and my phone number on them. It is not crowded at all and easy to read.<br />The tag is solid and has a little weight to it, not cheap feeling at all.<br />They arrived 5 days earlier than what was estimated. I’m very pleased.
REVIEW: I am really happy with this name tag and love that I was able to customize it with an icon. I’ve already ordered another one for my other pet. Also, the packaging it comes in is cute!
REVIEW: They came out really pretty.
REVIEW: LOVE the tags.
REVIEW: Perfect to put on this little hair capsule I made for my cat that recently passed away. Though I swear I ordered Tails in the gold plate though but I can't find the written order it looks good though
REVIEW: It's the perfect size for my tiny cat. It looks great. It's shiny and the star is great though I was hoping it would match the name tag and not be gold.
REVIEW: The tag is really cute however it didn’t have the crystals as shown in the pictures. I was disappointed with that but I still like it because it’s cute and tiny and fits perfectly on my 4 pound Maltese’s collar.
REVIEW: We rescued a 5 week old kitten from Main Street traffic. The sizing is absolutely perfect for her small frame. The print is small (do to the size of the tag) but very readable.
REVIEW: I love this Dog tag! My dog is super small so she gets pretty tired with the big bulky ones and would always make us take it off her. She barely notices she has this one on! Plus, it’s super simple and cute. Definitely recommend.
REVIEW: Not very easy to read, but what do you expect if you order extra small?  The size is perfect for my cat. Doesn't dangle into her food. Shiny and very cute.
REVIEW: My tag came quickly and well packaged, the tag is smaller than I expected but that is my bad. The craftsmanship is great!! I'm very pleased with this purchase.
REVIEW: I love these. I got it because the ones at petsmart cost so much money. I was worried about getting a tag that fit my small dog (she's only 10 pounds). But! These are perfect. They aren't too big, but you can read all of the information. I take my dog to the beach a lot and she gets pretty dirty. Even with that it's stayed the same color as when I bought it. Also the writing is really cute. Would buy again!
REVIEW: Way to small cheaply made
REVIEW: I have two very small pets and my dog chewed in her own license before, so we couldn’t read it. We bought this one and it’s so cute, easy to read, and small enough that it’s not annoying for our pets and the dog can’t chew it. Still readable months later.
REVIEW: Didn’t work for our pup. Too small even to read.
REVIEW: LOVE the tags.
REVIEW: perfect for my cat!! it’s so cute and quality material!
REVIEW: I didnt expect such a high-quality charm and super cute wrapping!
REVIEW: Cutest little name tag for our cat!  I think she even approves!<br />Nice smooth transaction!
REVIEW: It is so cute and work
REVIEW: exactly as expected
REVIEW: Adorable
REVIEW: [[VIDEOID:2bec666cbc23ba413a88e833b774e2e8]] Very cute, but didn't expect to have to put the name tags together before being able to put them on the collars. If you order this make sure you have pliers on hand. You will need them.
REVIEW: I love the tag, it was everything I wanted and just like the pictures!
REVIEW: I liked everything and it surpassed my expectations.thank you, finally a quality product in a world of I don't care.
REVIEW: The smallest size is PERFECT for cats! My kittens aren’t bothered by them at all and they hang at just the right length for a bell to hand and not collide. Also they’re absolutely adorable and very well made!
REVIEW: Even though it's a small tag, the engraving is too light. You can barely see it. I'm disappointed and don't recommend.
REVIEW: [[VIDEOID:1b2ecb58ce18b3862067a11eaad93f9a]] I was shocked when I opened the package and found this microscopic size dog tag. Words are so small it’s hard to read. If it was not for the fact that we have a 4 Ibs puppy this would be a complete loss. We will have to have another one made when she gets bigger. Anyone with a normal size dog, do not waste your time or money.
REVIEW: Hard to read but it’s still cute
REVIEW: A stuffed chihuahua, my grandchildren lost last year. I had his name put on it.They loved it.
REVIEW: I ordered two tags in April and they were great! I gave high marks. Then, I ordered a tag earlier this month. The writing was so faint that it could not be read. Before I’d received it, I ordered a second. The first- engraving was so faint that it could not be read at all! I was provided a refund.  Then, I got the second. It’s okay but not near as clear or dark engraving ad my April order.  I won’t be ordering again.  Not at all easy to read. Useless.
REVIEW: Such a great price for a very cute tag. I am now ordering one for my dog.
REVIEW: I love that they don’t overwhelm the cats neck with metal.  Its just the right size for my cats.  The text is easy to read and the metal is quality.  Even came with a cute bell!  I would definitely recommend them.  The only negative is I had to put some thought into how to assemble the rings to put it on the collar and the rings didn't keep the tags on so I had to buy better clasp for them (cats didn't like it hanging from their neck so they kept pulling it off).  But wont keep me from buying again!
REVIEW: So I don’t usually do reviews unless something is really impressive and this is one of these times. I ordered the extra small with a paw print and phone #. It was the perfect size for my little puppy. It’s engraved not just printed on and very easy to read. Love it, thank you!
REVIEW: I guess I did not measure well because they are super tiny. Sturdy and looks of good quality but too small to actually see what is written on it. I kept it and placed it on my dogs collar anyway.
REVIEW: Cute and small for our new kitten. But it’s pretty heavy and the rings to attach with are cheap and bent wonky.
REVIEW: Much smaller than I thought it would be
REVIEW: I LOVE these name tags. I wanted something  very small for my kittens and this exceeded my expectations. Planning to get more for my dogs. Not sure how they hold up over time, but I am very pleased with what I ordered. The packaging is super cute as well :)
REVIEW: Contacted the seller and sent a copy we’re the phone number was on the very edge I can barely read it and never got a return slip or email response
REVIEW: This is perfect for my kitty! Easy to read and small for his little neck.
REVIEW: Beautifully engraved and easy to read.  Wrapping is adorable as well
REVIEW: These are so cute! A little mustache for my male cat and a heart for the girl kitten. Love them. They arrived promptly and the packaging was super cute too. Would 100% recommend. XS for the kitten and S for our 1 year old. Perfect.
REVIEW: I loved it I bought 2 of them for my cats and they fit perfectly and the lettering is very nice and readable. Would definitely make future purchase for more of my pets tags. They even come with a cute silver bell
REVIEW: Decided to use this service instead of engraving at a petstore and I am so happy I did. The quality is amazing!
REVIEW: It looks really cute on my cat, and it doesn’t get in the way of her playing like I feel a big one would
REVIEW: Perfect for a kitten! Fast for a customization!
REVIEW: my cat love to play with it
REVIEW: I am so pleased with this product. I ordered the smallest tag because I have a small cat. Her name is Penelope and that long name and phone number fit with no problem and is easy to read. Good quality too. You won’t be disappointed.
REVIEW: Beautiful tag, don't is gorgeous. The tags itself is thick and good quality. Comes with the rings to attach. Glad the small one I got is dainty enough for my small furbaby. Technically I bought 2. Both great!
REVIEW: This little tag is perfect for my cat.  arrived fast than I had anticipated.  I normally do not write reviews, but this tag is really nice.
REVIEW: I ordered this to use as a name tag for my trauma shears (I’m always misplacing them) and it’s exactly what I wanted. It’s small enough to not get in the way but also easily seen and read. A++
REVIEW: Initially i was a bit concerned because of how inexpensive this was , but i am blown away ! it’s high quality and the engravings are crisp . I thought there might have been a compromise in the ease of reading the font (i got the smallest size tag) , but it’s perfect . Not to mention it is far more customizable than other tags . 11 out of 10 , def recommend 😎👍
REVIEW: The tags are smaller than expected!
REVIEW: Well made came out super cute
REVIEW: This tag is very well made and you can read it easily. It came a lot quicker than expected and the x-small was perfect for my little man. Also, not too heavy on his neck like past ones.
REVIEW: Tiny tiny tiny.  There were no clear instructions on how to upgrade size, and no spot in the customize tool to specify size, it is smaller than my fingernail.  So if you are into that then sure, buy it
REVIEW: Awesome pet tags!  I purchased two of the extra small round tags in shiny steel.  They are perfect for my cats.  Pet name, my phone number on front with a paw print emblem that I chose from their selection.  My address on the back.  All very legible in the font I chose from their selection.  Excellent quality and I love the extra small size.  Packaging was high quality and came with silver split ring and two gold and one silver link.  There was also a very cute colorful bell included with each tag.  One was a yellow chick and one a white bunny.  I highly recommend this company.
REVIEW: Bought one for each of my cats. I got the smallest of the shiny stainless steel. Did take a long while to receive but worth the wait.
REVIEW: Really cute little name tag for my chiweenie. Well made and the packaging was very cute.
REVIEW: The package came with care and the tag exceeded my expectations. It’s about the same size as my cat’s bell, so choosing an XS was a good decision. It suits her collar well🐈‍⬛
REVIEW: I am absolutely amazed at the quality of this collar tag. I ordered the smallest size, and you can still read the front and back absolutely perfectly. Each letter in the engraving is perfectly done. On the back was plenty of space for my full address and cell phone number, which was really cool.<br /><br />I contacted the seller regarding an estimated delivery date, and the seller replied back within minutes with a specific date. Seller was friendly and very knowledgeable.<br /><br />Excellent customer service, excellent craftsmanship, and excellent product. I am very satisfied!!
REVIEW: Order two of this tags and they came out perfect!
REVIEW: Me gustó mucho. Muy bonito y le quedó muy bien a mi gatito. Lo recomiendo 💕
REVIEW: They send u the ring, the attachment and plaque and you cant clasp the metal piece to attach it to the collar. OTHERWISE GREAT PRODUCT
REVIEW: I love it so much! It is way better than I expected. So shiny and dainty. Perfect for my little Marley❤️!
REVIEW: This product is so adorable. High quality and beautiful artistic detail. I highly recommend these cute tags!
REVIEW: Super cute!!
REVIEW: I’m totally in love with what I got. I ordered two name tags for my cats, it’s a really good quality and very cute and size is perfect! Definitely recommend!!
REVIEW: I love how small it is as it is the PURRFECT size for my kitten. 💙
REVIEW: This is perfect! I have a 7lbs Yorkie mix. & all thr tags I've gotten are always to big. & this is perfect size & so cute & you can customize it. Highly recommend.
REVIEW: Great price, great quality. Definitely recommend
REVIEW: my cat love to play with it
REVIEW: Bought two of these for my indoor cat. Loved the engraving front and back and was the perfect size. I believe I got the smallest one.
REVIEW: The perfect size collar for my little cats.
REVIEW: Really cute. Seems durable. Smaller than I had envisioned, though. Would purchase  again but maybe in a larger size? Overall, I am happy.
REVIEW: Very well detail oriented  packaged, the engraving was very well made also, I am very happy with this purchase.
REVIEW: Very small and lightweight. Perfect for my toy fox terrier.
REVIEW: I really like this tag . It is small and is great for my petite kitty . It’s very well made .
REVIEW: They fit well with my chihuahuas. I know where they at with the bell. It don’t bother them them wearing it. They sent the missed item right away with no questions asked. Thank you.
REVIEW: Based on several reviews that mentioned cats, I bought the smallest tags. Well, they were probably more suitable for a kitten or hamster. I threw them in the trash along with the dinky charms I ordered.
REVIEW: Took months to get the right order, then so small can’t read the phone number. Suppose to be a medium size dog tag. What a joke of seller.
REVIEW: Quality metal pet tag—Perfectly engraved and by far the best I have seen.<br /><br />Sellers process and customer service is A+.<br /><br />The tag itself is a high quality and appropriately weighted.<br /><br />Best pet tag I’ve ever purchased on Amazon or anywhere else.<br /><br />Highly recommended!
REVIEW: Tiny little tags! Perfect for kittens and wee cats.
REVIEW: Excellent quality.  This is my second order.  VERY pleased with both orders.
REVIEW: It’s smaller than i expected, but it’s made well and still readable.
REVIEW: I love how small it is the ones at petsmart and petco are so big and my cats are pretty small. It’s adorable but still legible !
REVIEW: So my mistake I got the wrong size. I have 2 lil chihuahuas so i got xs which is fine but the size makes it a bit difficult to read. That also might be the font i used. I will order more for sure. These are thick, durable and somehow also very lightweight. Honestly the xs would be perfect for teacups or bunnies so im not mad about it. Definitely my mistake. Just wish I could use them while they are boarded during our travels. Thats life…u live and hopefully learn. You can see from my photos how shiny it is and tiny! Lol!
REVIEW: My cats name is Cheezit it looks like they put chee2it. I left the last 4 of my phone number to show the 2. Besides missspelling it is nice
REVIEW: Fast shipping for a custom item. We got this for our cat. It is absolutely perfect! Great quality!!
REVIEW: My cat is very small and the name plate was perfect for her.  loved the craftsmanship, engraving of her name and my number.  would highly recommend!
REVIEW: Arrived today! Love them. Perfect size. Great engraving. Even cute packaging!
REVIEW: This is tiny like need a magnifying glass to read tiny, what really made it awful though are the tiny cheap rings it comes with to attach to the collar. Mine was also incorrect and scratched.
REVIEW: I wasn’t expecting much from these because of the price but they are actually very nice tags. They are small enough that my tiny cat doesn’t have an issue with it. Despite the size, they are legible. Both of my cats are microchipped but I do feel better knowing that my babies have ID. The picture is of my smallest cat so you can judge scale.  The tags are thicker than I expected but they aren’t terribly heavy (again the tiny cat has no problem with her’s) I have a very small DSH and a very large Maine Coon mix and these are perfect for both of them.
REVIEW: The tag writing looks great & I got a size small. It’s smaller than expected but great size for our puppy til he gets bigger. Only downside is it’s already scratched up quite a bit & it’s not from delivery because it actually came packaged pretty well. I know it’ll become scratched & worn down over time but it’s disappointing to receive it brand new like this & makes it a little more difficult to read when the light reflects off of it.
REVIEW: I have ordered this small tag for our puppy, and got it delivered in one week. it looks great
REVIEW: Once I move I'll be ordering another one! My expectations were exceeded! Small size is still easy to read with max characters! Highly recommend!
REVIEW: Very hard to read. It’s made of good material and didn’t retain scratches from the abuse of play but couldn’t read it at all.
REVIEW: I’m not one to take cm measurements and figure out how big or tiny a tag will be. I felt pretty confident of how sizes go until I ordered these. They came in close to the size of an American dime. Luckily they were for my Indoor cats only but the craftsmanship is so good and each tag is way thicker than any other I’ve gotten. Next time I’ll be more careful in dimensions but these still worked well and they are beautifully made. I want to stress the size mix up was my error in ordering and not the company’s error. I got exactly what I ordered. I will order more from this company when needed.
REVIEW: Very cute! Will definitely order again.
REVIEW: Perfect size and weight for a cat. Good quality
REVIEW: Very nicely done . Feels high quality . I got the xs for my kitten . I told her it’s her new necklace and she approves ! Lol<br />All jokes aside it’s perfect for my perfect baby
REVIEW: We got this for our puppy and it’s adorable
REVIEW: These are excellent quality very well made and even better than I imagined I love the choice of size and the engraving was exactly what I chose very pleased with them
REVIEW: Its super cute and is small enough for my little cats neck. I love it. Highly recommend
REVIEW: I got the small size for my cats and they're perfect. I was worried with it being so small it wouldn't be legible but they are crystal clear and easy to read. Came in cute packaging with a note. Highly recommend.
REVIEW: I got the smallest sized name tag for my cat, and it’s perfect sized for her. It’s also customizable which I loved, and I like the added symbols, it makes it more personalized. It comes in very cute packaging. Definitely would recommend and am very satisfied with this product!
REVIEW: The product is not a good quality<br />Had it for two days already turn rustic color The shine has tarnished already<br />I don't recommend this product
REVIEW: This is such nice quality,  and perfect for a small pet. Text is clear and easy to read,  too.
REVIEW: I loved how cute and small it was. The packaging was adorable and the little charm that came with it was nice! Thank you so much!
REVIEW: I ordered two of the tiny ones for my dogs. They are easy to read and high quality. I was able to get all of the important information on them and they turned out great.
REVIEW: My puppy is about 4 pounds and he will probably only get to about 7 pounds.  I chose the smallest tag and it is shiny and lightweight.  Just what I was looking for. It does take a while to receive this tag, so be prepared to wait a little.
REVIEW: This is an amazing product. They look beautiful and are well made. Highly recommend!
REVIEW: Very impressed. Smallest tag I could find. Text is very clear and exactly what I asked for. Comes with a shiny bell. Took 12 days to get here to Texas.
REVIEW: Very good, especially for the price. Ordered the smallest size for my cats. They are still small and it is the perfect size. Writing is kind of small, but as big as it can be for the size of the tag. Will definitely buy from here for all pets
REVIEW: It is so insanely adorable and came in such cute packaging! Made my day!
REVIEW: I ordered the extra small for my kittens and my husband thinks they are too small but I think they are perfect for them not too heavy won’t get in their way and since I could attach the loops myself I made it as short as I wanted. I know with animals they won’t last forever and will eventually get scratched and dinged up but I def will purchase more they are a great price and quality! And the packaging is sweet!
REVIEW: We plan on using them as horse halter tags. So we know which halter belongs to which horse. Perfect
REVIEW: ITS ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFULLLL! ITS CHEAP AND THE BEST THING IVE EVER SEEEEN IM GONNA COME BACK AND BUY ANOTHER ONE WHEN I GET ANOTHER PET!!
REVIEW: Esta muy lindo , lo compré para mi gato y realmente no pesa nada! ❤️
REVIEW: I needed something small, light weight, and durable for my 3 month old kitten. This is perfect! I absolutely love it so far!
REVIEW: Everything about the order is perfect - I received it fast even due to holiday delays, the quality is 10/10, and I love that these things are small and really fit my pups' size.<br />I am going to order a second set for another leashes that they often wear.
REVIEW: Very easy to read and light weight. I bought this for my new kitty, just in case she happens to go outside.
REVIEW: Oh my goodness. I can’t stop gawking at how cute my little furbaby is. We got the smallest size tag, and I think it turned out perfectly. My only critique is that I think I would’ve preferred the font to be a little larger, considering her short name, but all in all I am very happy with it!! My favorite part about it is that it comes with more than one ring to attach it to the collar; if you use two rings, the tag sits perfectly straight rather than sideways. Definitely recommend purchasing if you’re on the fence!
REVIEW: Loved these! I ordered 2 extra small to secure onto my mini educator e collars. They are the perfect size, light weight, very clear and beautifully designed. I am going to order more and highly recommend for others.
REVIEW: Came out exactly as ordered. Beautiful piece and great size for my kitten.
REVIEW: Small is perfect size for my little dogs!
REVIEW: I adore these dog tags! They came faster than expected (took about a week and a day regardless of Prime status) but Amazon estimated 2 weeks so I was happily surprised when they came in the mail! I love the customization, sturdiness and they were very easy to put on the collars. The smallest size would be best for your average sized cat and small dog (chihuahua, pomeranian). I got the next size up for my 25 lb mini aussie. Could possibly go one size higher for him if you're into larger tags but I thought the one I got was perfect! I ordered in font 10. When I get another pet, I will be ordering again from this company!
REVIEW: Definitely good quality only comes with one key ring used the ring that you clamp on bell and it fell off material held up was user error not product.
REVIEW: Beautiful hand crafted tag. Everything is perfect, nicest pet tag is have ever seen, ordering more right away. Also, faster delivery than expected!! Thank you
REVIEW: Very simple and elegant
REVIEW: After seeing the price of this.. I had low expectations.<br />The quality on this is impeccable!! If you’re thinking that paying more will give you a better quality tag.. you’re wrong. The engraving is deep enough that it should last a long time.
REVIEW: Please see above
REVIEW: I purchased a cat tag from a different seller and it was way too big/heavy, it was weighing my cat down and annoying her. I bought the extra small version here and its perfect. Nice quality too thank you
REVIEW: Well made, solid, clear writing, good value. Kitty isn't bothered by it either, which is good as even the smallest one is substantial. Very good!
REVIEW: Perfect cat sized ID tag
REVIEW: Love it’s perfect
REVIEW: Love this little tag! 🐈‍⬛💜
REVIEW: This is a great small cat tag with name and phone number.  I've ordered many tags and they were too big for my cat.  This one is perfect in extra small for a cat. The workmanship is very good.
REVIEW: I received the tag today and I’m in love with it. It’s well packed and you can see the love in every detail. My baby is going to look beautiful with this tag. Thank you!
REVIEW: Cute little personalized tags. I ordered one for my Richard because he went off and lost his collar and tags. I was planning to just get another one of the tags, I'd previously purchased (shown in second picture) but the price had jumped on them. These are cheap and cute.<br /><br />And just for size reference Richard's is a small, it should be marked as xsmall. Merks was made with another company and his is a small (looks huge compared to BRs)
REVIEW: Really great quality and nice work. Loves the kind note inside and packaging.
REVIEW: I got the small tag and it is the perfect size for my kitten. It is absolutely beautiful and the font matches her perfectly. I squealed when I opened the precious packaging. They're also good quality. I can't recommend these highly enough.
REVIEW: This is the perfect size to personalize ornaments. I was looking for something small that I could put names on and a little message. Perfect
REVIEW: Just as expected! I would’ve liked the small little ring to have already been on there but I still love it
REVIEW: I was scared it would be too big or too small for my dog. I have a 1.8kg Chihuahua and her neck is very small. It fits her perfectly and it looks so cute!! I got the silver one in the shinny finish. It took a while to get here, but it was worth it. The tinny package also came with a bell and a few extra jump rings. Overall very pleased. Simple and elegant.
REVIEW: Super cute. Great size for a kitten.  Very happy with my purchase :)
REVIEW: Named my kitten after my Love who passed away recently. I was able to put my kitten’s name on the front and a brief message to honor my Love on the back from us. I cried when I received them: It was crisp and easy to read. Perfectly aligned and spaced! If he was alive, he would think it was “dope”. Thank you for my baby’s tags in memory of his “daddy”! Mommy is beyond pleased! I recommend this vendor 100%!!!!
REVIEW: This is really too small to be useful. Can’t read the phone number without a magnifying glass
REVIEW: Great quality.
REVIEW: The tag looks great and is very easy to read. I like the star charm it came with. Quality metals used, fine craftsmanship. I would attach a photo but the tag has my phone number on it. I got the smallest size and it is slightly larger than a dime, but still very easy to read.
REVIEW: This was exactly what I was looking for: a small tag with my phone number in case my cat got outside. Even though he is chipped, I like the idea of someone being able to call me without having to take him to a vet. This was perfect and I have now ordered two more as he tends to lose his collars LOL
REVIEW: Took too long to arrive. I was given a late date by which it should arrive, and told I could get a refund the next day if I didn't receive it. Well, it didn't come but they would not refund me. I got it three days later and the name is barely visible. The tag is about the size of a dime. It is sitting in a drawer. I can't use it and I can't return it!  I would not recommend ordering from this seller. 😟
REVIEW: Pro Tip: just do your pets name and phone number.<br /><br />I wish the number could have been on the back because it was all crammed on the front, but that was my fault for putting a bit too much. I should have just put my pets name and phone number. Since I also added “call my mom” it seems a bit too cramped. But overall it’s the perfect size for a cat collar. Still giving it 5 stars because it was all done correctly and very sturdy and arrived on time.
REVIEW: Im happy with it. Looks good on a collar for an extra small puppy. Came with a charm u can attach and a bell, although the bell was broken.
REVIEW: Super cute craftsmanship. I purchased the XS and it works for my cat and small dog.  Number and name are clear to read.
REVIEW: It is amazing how much information they were able to put on such a tiny thing. Easy to read !! If she ever gets lost all my information is on this tag!! It’s very cute!
REVIEW: Perfect for small dog or puppy with small collar
REVIEW: These little animal id tags are adorable, are the perfect size, and the writing on them is perfect!
REVIEW: It’s a bit smaller than I expected but that was on me, I should have paid more attention. It’s still a good size for a cat though. I ordered more for our other cats too! I love that you can change the little charm for each tag. I love this so much. My girl looks perfect now!
REVIEW: Love it!!! And it works with his automatic feeder collar!
REVIEW: I ordered the smallest tag. I do like it and the lettering and numbering are very clear. However, it is very small. I reordered the next size up and just received it today and I am much happier with it. I think the smallest size is perfect for a cat or a very small dog. The workmanship is perfect.
REVIEW: This came earlier than expected, looks great and was nicely wrapped in tissue paper and a tiny envelope. Excellent attention to detail and the customer experience.
REVIEW: The packaging was adorable and cute. Simple and nice. The item is great! Love it!
REVIEW: Product came super cute and really light weight. Had a misprint on it and talking with the seller who responded quickly and politely we were able to work it out and get another one sent out. Painless and very nice.
REVIEW: This is NOT your cheap thin tag. It is a good quality tag and looks great on my 5 month old tuxedo cat. He is a big boy who wears it with pride
REVIEW: A lot smaller than I expected. The writing on it is not very bold either. Not impressed overall
REVIEW: This tag is awesome! Easy to read even tho it is small. It is not cumbersome and looks great on my puppy’s collar!
REVIEW: Usually I don’t write reviews just for do that. But I really like these tags. Love the size  and the designs.  Thank you. 🙏🏻😊
REVIEW: It's definitely light weight because it's so small. If you had to depend on someone finding your pet I hope they have superman vision. Very disappointed in the size. Craftsmanship is great I'm surprised they can engrave such small letters & numbers. Buyer beware!
REVIEW: We originally ordered a small tag for a Maine coon we were getting. The breeder flaked after we received his tag. The company at no extra charge let us get the bigger size for our frenchie as we no longer had use for the small one. We offered to pay the difference and they would not accept. The tags are engraved so no fading and they’re beautifully made.  Will definitely use them again in the future!
REVIEW: Loved the dog tag ordered a small size fits my 11 lb. dog perfectly!! Is very easy to read!!
REVIEW: I love these!! Adorable, perfect size, small for my 6lb dog and super cute!! Took awhile to get here but it was worth the wait.
REVIEW: literally exceeded my expectations- especially for the price! super well made and great quality… also came super early! for reference, i got a size XS for my 3lb kitten and it looks great on her!
REVIEW: I have ordered in the past for my dog and loved the tag so I ordered one for my new cat. I accidentally put the wrong phone number and didn’t realize until a received it. They sent me a correct one for no cost
REVIEW: Love the font I chose for the tag. For a small tag, the name is very visible on the front and also on the back. The brushed bronze color is rich looking and perfect small, lightweight tag for my cat. Would buy again.
REVIEW: Miniature Dachshund puppy it's perfect!
REVIEW: My daughter begged for a tag for her cat. I forgot to order it early enough for Christmas, but I got to surprise her with it just a few days after. She loves it and so does the cat. The cat spends a lot of time sitting up, showing off her pretty, shiny tag. The tag is the perfect size for the cat, easy to read, and was easy to get on the collar. I will be ordering more for our other cats and dogs since they're all jealous and have been picking on her more.
REVIEW: Bought the smallest silver tags for my three cats, they are so shiny and sturdy! The fonts are perfect and overall quality is fantastic.
REVIEW: It is perfect and delicate looking but sturdy.  Perfect for our puppy and the engraving is readable and in an adorable font.  This would work well for a cat as well as it’s lightweight.
REVIEW: I got the extra small for two average size cats. They are about the size of a dime. Perfect on the collar. Nice weight. Nicely engraved. Ordered another one just now! Getting a small for my large tuxedo boy. Great buy!
REVIEW: I ordered 2 of these for my fur babies. When they arrived they are so small, you need a magnifying glass to read it.
REVIEW: I absolutely love this product! It was exactly what I expected and they even sent two little blue and pink bells for each of my kitty's collars! So so so cute! 10/10 recommend!!!
REVIEW: Order details: Ordered on 2/6 and arrived on 2/17<br />Size: Extra small<br />Color: Shiny steel<br /><br />Small but fits all necessary information, I was able to fit 4 lines in the back with two phone numbers, vaccinated, and microchipped. Knocking off stars because the shiny steel makes it difficult to read so I recommend getting the industrial steel.
REVIEW: I loved it! It was made really well and was easy to read.
REVIEW: Perfect size and great quality!
REVIEW: Great name tag
REVIEW: This is a very nice, good quality, dog/cat tag and a very reasonable price. Highly recommend.
REVIEW: Exactly what it advertises..quick delivery. Recommend.
REVIEW: Encantada, simplemente encantada. Todo muy especial desde el empacado hasta el producto estoy facinada con todo ♥
REVIEW: Beautiful tag, much more readable than the one my dog was wearing before so it makes her safer should she get out!
REVIEW: Worth waiting for the shipping compared to going to Petsmart to get one of theirs in a few minutes. Cute as can be, perfect size, and great quality! Very happy, thank you!
REVIEW: Really cute! Thanks
REVIEW: Unfortunately did not come with a key ring to hook to hook my my dogs collar so I haven’t been able to use it.
REVIEW: Quick delivery and fantastic name tag. The small size is perfect for a cat and super easy to read!
REVIEW: This tag is purrfect for my cat's collar! I ordered the smallest size and I'm very happy with it, it's perfectly legible and at the same time not overbearing for her collar. It's solid and not flimsy, but not too heavy for her either. Overall this was a great purchase and I would definitely recommend it, and purchase again. I did blur out the last 4 digits of our phone number just because I didn't want everyone to have it, for the picture.
REVIEW: Great quality and great price.
REVIEW: Super cute and perfect size (I got a small) for a kitten/cat!
REVIEW: These are very cute and sturdy looking. They are a bit heavy though...My kitty will just have to get used to it.
REVIEW: My furry son loves to prowl outside and many times comes home when the sun is up, disheveled and lacking his collar. I don't know what kind of night it was, but I do wonder. I had bought numerous tags from our local animal control, from the kiosks in front of stores (where you make them yourself), and even those collars that have a massage in bottle style ID type. I found this vendor and liked what they were selling and ordered three. They are adorable and look great, much better than what the kiosk produces, and at about the same price point. They arrived quicker than I anticipated. I will buy again.
REVIEW: Exactly what I want. Look great on my cats
REVIEW: I purchase the extra small for my kitten in shiny silver and it is perfect. Although it is small it is perfect for a small Pet the Engraving is small but legible and I absolutely love it.. very durable but lightweight… Impeccable engraving!!
REVIEW: I absolutely love these tags I ordered. They are well made and the engraving options are great. Thank you for your craftsmanship.
REVIEW: Love it!
REVIEW: It’s the perfect size for a very small dog.
REVIEW: Love it... I ordered 2 more for my other dogs... it's beautiful and came with a Santa keychain!!Keychain!!! Too cute .... purchase one of these if u need a nice sturdy nametag
REVIEW: Fast shipping, nicely packaged, and I am very pleased with results!!🥳
REVIEW: I live in the United States, packaging fanominal coming from China. I ordered the smallest one to use as an ID for my stethoscope. The writing is clear and the little paw print I chose is adorable.
REVIEW: After putting in the wrong phone number (my fault), the creator was nice enough to make me a new one and send it to me for free. On top of that, she was very quick with her response. Totally recommend! Collar tag is super cute and the perfect size for my kitten. Great quality and great customer service.
REVIEW: Absolutely adore the collar I received. The item definitely exceeded my expectations. Ordering another after I post this review!
REVIEW: Perfect tag for my little dog Benji he is only 3lbs so little is what i needed. it came quickly and looks adorable.
REVIEW: Perfect … easy to read… we were able to put both my husband and my phone numbers along with the address to ensure if she gets lost they can reach one of us
REVIEW: I bought two and they both came in looking amazing! Only thing is the font is kinda small, but still readable. They looked great on my outdoor cats and don't have any scratches.
REVIEW: Purchased the smallest tag for my mom’s Imperial Shih Tzu (minature). It’s the perfect size not to weigh him down. Only regret is my own fault and should have had lettering printed on both sides.
REVIEW: Super cute and easy to read !
REVIEW: Looks great!
REVIEW: I was worried the tag was going to be too big and that my cat was goin to try to bite it off but the tag is small enough that my cat doesn't mind it. It comes with extra hooks for your desired length as you see in the picture. I was very impressed with the quality of work. I'm very happy with the results - Definitely worth the price!
REVIEW: Great qaulity. Regrest not ordering more when they were giving out coupons. One downside is delivery takes time.
REVIEW: Size is very very small. Name is easy to see. Phone number so so easy to see
REVIEW: I like the tag very much.
REVIEW: Nice little pendant - sharp and clearly embossed. Packaged nicely with extra jump rings in silver and gold to match your pet's collar. Material is light weight but sturdy, and I think my girl won't mind.
REVIEW: I ordered the XS shiny steel for my kitty's collar. It came fairly quickly even with all of the shipping delays and it is just purfect!! It had a cute little note and they added a bell along with silver and gold colored ring attachments. It does have a little weight to it so if you need a larger tag be aware of this. But the XS is perfect for a smaller pet and the name and phone number is very easily read. I highly recommend and I plan to order more in the future.
REVIEW: Lovely and they gave me a bell so it’s perfect.
REVIEW: Came packaged very nicely and super easy to read. Was perfect to add onto my kittens collar. Would recommend
REVIEW: I really like the look of the tags, however, it was much smaller than I realized.  Probably my own fault ordering based on the size of the picture rather than looking at the dimensions. I will buy again but will pay better attention to sizes.
REVIEW: This tag is just too cute! It came with all of the hardware to mount (a key ring and some jump rings) and the packaging was precious. The engraving is crisp and the tag feels really sturdy. I know we will love this for years to come
REVIEW: Pleased.
REVIEW: HIGHLY RECOMMEND! You can tell they really care about animals and what they do! These are absolutely adorable! Thank you!<br /><br />Just purchased 2 more from them and they are absolutely perfect! ❤️
REVIEW: I’ve ordered these many times because my cats like to lose their collars. They are perfect every time.
REVIEW: Pretty much all of it , very disappointed.
REVIEW: They were absolutely amazing! Super cute, just the right size. They also came with extra bells!
REVIEW: Lightweight, very pretty
REVIEW: This is purrrrfect and exactly what I was looking for! I had a bigger one from another shop that I loved but it kept going into her food/water bowls and make tapping/dinging noises when she ate or drank water.
REVIEW: Exactly what I was looking for
REVIEW: Very small just as I wanted for my cat! Overall I’m very happy with the name tag. Great price for a great product.
REVIEW: This is a nice weight for my 15lb minpin so he doesn't seem to have a weight around his neck, BUT the writing is so tiny it is very difficult to see. The connection loop is also not strong at all and he was able to pull it off his collar in no time. I will reconnect w a Keychain loop and go from there.
REVIEW: So cute! I love the little sizes offered, I wanted something small and not extremely obvious for my puppy. The quality seems nice, the writing is very clear, and the polish is nice. Time will tell if it tarnishes or the words fade off, but I don’t expect it to.
REVIEW: Its on his collar.
REVIEW: So I ordered the x-small and it was so tiny that I could barely read the phone number. I’d like for whoever finds my dog if he goes missing, to be able to read the number easily. They were kind and sent me another size and it is perfect. If all you really care about is the name then the x-small should be good, just not with a number.
REVIEW: Very well made and completely met my expectations. High quality. Perfect size for my 4 month old kitten. So pretty and shiny- it’s like a piece of jewelry.
REVIEW: Very pretty! loved the font
REVIEW: I absolutely adore this tag, it looks great, it’s very legible and the package came with extra rings! It’s so adorable.
REVIEW: I got the smallest size for my cats and was a little surpised at how small they are but they're really just perfect. Nice heavy durable metal and clear engraving. They came with split rings to hang from a collar and also extra jump rings. If you add a jump ring to the split ring, the tag will hang facing front, instead of sideways.  I think these were a great buy.
REVIEW: Perfect size and light weight.
REVIEW: Super cute. I bought one for each dog. My teacup got the smallest size and it's the perfect size for her.  My only complaint is that the engraving is super light on both of them and is kinda hard to read. Even on the larger one I purchased.  Good value for the money though.
REVIEW: Cute and small great for cats.
REVIEW: I like it's small and my girl can't bite the engraving off with her vicious little teeth. Cute for a cutie. Would 10 out of 10 order again. Cute little pic detailing is a unique addition too! The little diamond on the tag is perfect for a spoiled pupper! Pixxi approved. And fur parent approved.
REVIEW: Name tags are darling and packaged so cute! They look great on my kittens and are the perfect size and very high quality.
REVIEW: Me encanto la medallita con el nombre de mi gatito y la estrellita de la suerte.  MIL GRACIAS, mande a grabar la de mi otra gatita
REVIEW: Light weight super cute but hard to read due to the size
REVIEW: For cats, I think it's better to have smaller tag so they won't be bothered by it when moving around. I bought 2 extra small tags for my cats. They fit perfectly on my cats, not too big or small.  The tag came in very shining and well made. So far my cats haven't chew on them, but the material feels pretty solid, not flimsy. And there was a little surprise (pikachu) for each tag! :)
REVIEW: This is the easiest 5 star review I’ve ever given.  This item has amazing detail and quality and the Seller’s prices are very cheap for what you get.  Everything is so personalized from the packaging to the cute little bell that comes extra at no charge to all the different tag selections.  If you’re buying a pet ID, this is the only Seller you should be buying from.
REVIEW: I didn’t even realize that I had bought the “extra small” one so when I got it I was like :o<br />But anyways the extra small one is about the size of a dime<br />Still cute tho
REVIEW: Absolutely love this. I got it for my cat. All of our cats are indoor but we want a way to get them back to us just in case they get out. I got an extra small and it’s perfect. I can still read all of my personal information on the back and it doesn’t bother my cat
REVIEW: I love my pet tag it’s SO adorable and everything was so perfect. My cat never wears her collar but technically we need one with a tag bc of apartment rules, and this one was so cheap and way prettier than one I could’ve gotten from pet smart
REVIEW: I am super happy with my purchase, the tag was very beautiful, couldn't be happier!
REVIEW: I have a 5 pound miniature chihuahua and all the tags at the store looked huge on his neck. I couldn’t get him to stay still for the picture but the size of the tag is perfect for my dog. The quality looks amazing and I was even able to put my address on the back, came with a little bell but he’s a dog so I didn’t use it. So happy I found this tag, if he ever loses it, I’m buying another one.
REVIEW: I love this tag. It's adorable and I love that you can add little doodles that they have available to pick from. This item is very well made. I am happy with my purchase, I will definitely order again from this shop.
REVIEW: They turned out so cute!!!! I absolutely love them!!! Easy to read, light weight, and I love the little bells your included for each tag!
REVIEW: I’ve ordered pet tags from Amazon before, but these are better than the ones I’ve ordered in the past. They were packaged so nicely and with care. The tags feel and look very high quality. Extremely happy with my purchase, can’t recommend enough.
REVIEW: The size of the tag is perfect for a &lt; 4lb dog.  However, the phone number is so tiny, you need a magnifying glass in order to see it (would suggest to other buyers to put on back of tag to be easier to read).  Also, there wasn't a ring to hang from the collar (which is in the pictures, so was expected).  The hole in the tag is so tiny, I'm not sure I will even be able to find something that will fit.  So a bit disappointing.
REVIEW: I love these name tags. I got two for my cat because we often lose her collar. The product is really nice. The seller was wonderful to work with and has excellent customer service. I would definitely buy again.
REVIEW: Ordered the smallest size for our kitten.  Amazing how they could fit everything on it!!  On the back I have the full address, Indoor cat only and I'm microchipped. Really super cute and highly recommend. Also came sooner than expected.
REVIEW: Too small for my doh she took it off in 3 days and lost it wasted money on it. I wish if it was little bit bigger than a penny.
REVIEW: Easy to read , came fast, love everything about it
REVIEW: Loved It For My Cat
REVIEW: Its a piece of mind knowing if my dog gets lost he has a tag with his name an address an phone number on it. Its smaller than I thought it would be but it's also light weight which is good for small dogs.
REVIEW: We have a tiny kitten and it's the perfect size and won't be to bulky or heavy when she's all grown up. It's very well made and I am incredibly happy with her tag!!
REVIEW: I loved the custom font and the cute icon. It came in simple but nice protective packaging and would look good if sent as a gift. It is much smaller than the one size fits all chain store variety. My older cat has that one and I was shocked when I realized it’s the same size as my large dog’s. This one is dainty but still enough to fit the information. A more  appropriate scale for a cat or small dog.
REVIEW: This dog tag was so cute! I liked how you can choose different sizes. I have a teacup chihuahua so it was hard for me to find a small enough tag for him. The ones at the retail stores were waaay to big for him. The craftmanship was great and it was readable. Highly recommend.
REVIEW: I have a kitten and the extra small size was perfect. Loved
REVIEW: The size was great. Just the little hard to read some of the writing. But other than that it’s great
REVIEW: It very small
REVIEW: I ordered one for my cat Arya and I loved the way that it turned out. Only thing I didn't like was the size, but that was my own fault, I thought a size small would be good for my kitten. I liked them so much, that I ordered 4 more in xs, 2 for my cat Arya and 2 for my cat Jinx. Great material, high quality, great product all around.
REVIEW: I love it super cute !! I will post it on my puppy on Saturday when I pick him up ♥️
REVIEW: I love how they took the time out to wrap the tags in cute little envelopes with messages. ❤️  I ordered much smaller than I had expected but I should have checked the measurements. They are still pretty and legible. I will probably order more in the future once the pups get bigger.
REVIEW: Light weight and customizable. Comes in many different fonts and two different sizes. I love the little symbols and charms you can add also the cute packaging is a plus!
REVIEW: So I originally ordered the polished steel and when it was delivered it was very difficult to read. The surface was to shiny to see the black engraving. I contacted the seller and told them my concern. They immediately asked what I would like it replaced with and they sent me new ones. They also included a added star charm which was very nice.<br /><br />I would recommend the brass or the brushed steel. They look great and so cute!
REVIEW: It's perfect! The engraving is easy to read and the little rabbit is adorable!
REVIEW: I really recommend buying this id tag. Very well made and it doesn’t look cheap. It looks really fancy. The material it hard and heavy like its not aluminum( which can bend) this one its good and its not heavy for the cat or dogs neck i meant heavy like the material its hard. It beautiful i loveee it. Buy it you wont regret it. I bought another one for my dog..
REVIEW: These are super cute and arrived sooner than expected! They look so adorable on my cats (despite his grumpy look in the picture lol) and are the perfect size!
REVIEW: Very nice dog tag. Great price.
REVIEW: The only reason I put 3 stars on the “light weight” is because my pup is only 2 pounds so it’s a little heavier than the thin ones you can get at the pet store but he doesn’t struggle by any means. So adorable! I can’t love it enough 🥰🥰
REVIEW: This cute little gem is perfect for a big ole cat Maximus. It is thick round perfect size for his collar. Absolutely adorable! I got the smaller size. Definitely recommend!
REVIEW: Very easy to read! Beautifully done!
REVIEW: XS size next to a quarter for comparison.<br />I can’t believe how inexpensive and high quality these are. I’ll be getting bigger ones for my dogs. Love them!!
REVIEW: Cat collar tag.
REVIEW: This is exactly what I wanted!! It is the perfect size- the name and number are very easy to read.  The paw 🐾 on the tag is cute!  A little name tag for my little dog!  Thank you- what an awesome company!
REVIEW: So cute.  Love the charm
REVIEW: Just the rite size. Easy to read name and phone number on the small tag
REVIEW: i love how my puppys name tagg came out. it looks so good and feels so nice not cheap at all
REVIEW: The tag itself is amazing, very clear to read and very light weight. My only issue is the fact that I’m missing a digit from my number.
REVIEW: This tag is the perfect size for my small kitty (9lbs). The ones at the pet stores are always too big. As you can see in the photo, this is about the size of a dime. Shiny and sturdy. Doesn't feel or look cheap.<br /><br />The packaging is what really brought me here to leave a review. It was lovely! A tiny little package filled with tiny little packages. All made with nice materials. The seller clearly put a lot of thought into the "unboxing" experience. It was like receiving a little gift!<br /><br />Priced lower than competitors (I paid just under $8) and a much nicer product!<br /><br />Highly recommend and will definitely be back once Mimi invariably loses this one. :)
REVIEW: Small size is perfect for cats who don’t like bulky collars
REVIEW: Such a super cute, lightweight, ID tag. The packaging was even cuter! Would buy again.
REVIEW: I needed new tags for my cats and didn’t want to get them at the pet shop since they don’t have too many aesthetically pleasing options. I looked through Etsy for months and although their are similar options they were double the price for the same material and also handmade. While I appreciate handmade items I do think these are fairly priced for the type of metal and labor involved. After giving up on Etsy I looked through Amazon and found exactly what I was looking for. They come exactly as described and are beautiful! There’s nothing that disappointed me and I also appreciate the wee charms that came with.
REVIEW: I will be a return customer.
REVIEW: I would give these 10 stars if I could. I have tried so many id tags for our little yorkies and they always seem way too big and are rough around the edges. These are so smooth and the xs is just perfect. It doesn't look so bulky on the tiny little dogs. We ordered 6 of them...one for each dog. They came in one package, but inside that package, they were so nicely packaged in individual little packages. Very impressed all around. The xs is perfect for our yorkies, and the seller took great care in packaging them. Excellent all around!!
REVIEW: Seriously the cutest tag I have ever purchased! Sweet little packaging the wait was well worth it. I'll be ordering 3 more!
REVIEW: I was not expecting them to be this cute! I absolutely love these tags for my cats and will be ordering more soon for my dogs!! They also sent little bells for them!
REVIEW: Great packaging, included cute little bells. This buisness has got it right. 10/10 recommend
REVIEW: Loved the tag! It was so beautiful and perfect for my 4 month old kitten. Will be purchasing for my other 4 cats. Definitely recommend!!
REVIEW: Some for my cats that I had before and three for my cats now. They are so beautiful and great quality for the price. So shiny and pretty! And the lettering is beautiful too. I will always order these again if I ever need to!!!
REVIEW: Se mancha. Y pídanlo con letra gruesa. Para q se dustinga
REVIEW: Nice small size for my small dog. The seller was exceptionally easy to work with on getting the design just right. The  words are clear and easy to read. Well made product by someone who cares.
REVIEW: Just what I was looking for, and I like that they offer smaller sizes
REVIEW: This turned out great. Will be ordering more for the rest of my gang.
REVIEW: I had this on my dogs collar and the ID tag broke off after having it on for maybe two weeks. The actual tag broke off, not even the cheap key ring that it came with. Waste of money.<br /><br />Update: they did send me a new one at no charge.
REVIEW: This is a beautiful name tag. I chose xs for my kitten. It’s well made, clear and exactly how I ordered & shown online. It has a substantial weight to it=quality. Came with brass & stainless  connectors (I chose to use brass). The packaging is tiny & cute. Very happy & I would order from this company again. It did take a bit of time to arrive (overseas); well worth the wait. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
REVIEW: I never write reviews but I just had to share a pic of how clean, easy to read, precise and well made this small cat ID tag is. I mean, common! How adorable is it? I got my kitty a year ago, but stays indoor only so it’s never been a thought to get an ID for him. Well, I took him on a road trip and realized he didn’t have one and how incredibly sad I’d feel if he got lost and had no tag that would ID him. So I placed the order right away and it arrived & I am beyond happy! It’s such a good price, amazing print and the packaging was adorable.  I highly recommend this product! Plus I got the lil extra star charm and it just adds that extra pop! So happy, and so is my baby Echo! 😻🐈‍⬛
REVIEW: Love this tag! All the tags I’ve had for my cat previously were too big or too heavy for him, but this one is perfect. Tiny but still easy to read, and has enough room on front and back for important information.
REVIEW: I could’ve gotten a size up but its still really cute and i love it.
REVIEW: I ordered 5 different ones of these they are perfect exactly like pictured and come beautifully packaged the little details are so cute I am very pleased with my purchase and highly recommend!
REVIEW: I loved being able to customize the tags. I put a Star Trek quote on each one and added a Star Trek charm so each collar is one of a kind. The tags themselves seem well made but only time will tell.
REVIEW: Very elegant little ID tag perfect for a cat.
REVIEW: This tag was perfect for my cat’s collar. It’s so simple and pretty. The number (although marked out in photo) is very clear. So is the name and address on the back. I plan to order a few more for her other collars.
REVIEW: Product is good I just hate that I have to assemble it. We can not find the right tool at this moment. Other than that I like it
REVIEW: This is a great tag for my kitten. It's lightweight and cute.
REVIEW: I loved how cute it was and there were no mistakes and it was adorable
REVIEW: Seller was very helpful going above and beyond. Product was beautiful and exactly as described. Love it!
REVIEW: I purchased this for my sons’ new kitten. At 12 weeks we finally put her collar on and the tag is beyond perfect. Thank you so much!
REVIEW: Product had a typo, messaged customer service, they were quick to reply and send a replacement with a bonus charm. The quality of the engraving is very nice, good customizable options! Extra small is a good size for a cat. Overall very satisfied and will buy again!
REVIEW: These tags are so cute.. they are tiny, but thats what I wanted. Our cats never go outside, so I only wanted/needed the name and phone number. I got the sun one and the moon one. They included the hooks as well as cute little bells.. Very well made, cute packaging. Arrived early.
REVIEW: I swear this review is not an excuse to share a picture of my cat. This is honestly the cutest name tag. I ordered the smallest size so it’s not bulky or heavy on the cats collar. I loved the symbol because it correlates with her name. There was enough room to be able to add my phone number and address incase I ever lose my princess.
REVIEW: My dogs destroyed two of these tags in one day. The connecting ring and the tag hole are terrible BOTH broken loose.  Don't waste your money on this product.  Find something better.
REVIEW: These pet name tags are so adorable. They are so dainty. I love the customization, it’s great. I’ve ordered 3x and I’m very pleased with all 3!
REVIEW: it’s tiny which is perfect for our kitty
REVIEW: Small and light weight!, perfect for my 6 month old kitty
REVIEW: Lovely name tag, as requested, nicely weighted, quality engraving. Very pleased!
REVIEW: It's the perfect size for my small puppy.
REVIEW: This seller is so kind, I had chose a name for my new kitten after finding out he was really a boy 😭. I ended up not liking it and changed it soon after. I messaged them asking if it was ok to do a quick name change and to my surprise they wrote back quickly saying it was perfectly fine. It’s so tiny and cute perfectly light weight for a kitten. I’m so in love with it. Came with the right name and they take the time to package the pieces individually. Keep up the awesome work. I will definitely come back in the future for another piece.
REVIEW: Absolutely in love with this little tag. It's the perfect size for my cat's collar. And it came with the little card saying thank you. The little charm that comes with it is so cute.<br />Thank you, you guys did an awesome job!!!<br />I will be ordering from you guys again!!
REVIEW: I purchased the “Extra small 0.75” in Shiny Stee and it looks very clean and of quality. It’s about the size of a dime, I erased some of my personal information for privacy reasons however left a little so you could see how legible and precise the engravings are. Although the thing is very tiny, even then it’s super easy to read.
REVIEW: Got this to go along with a gift. Firstly, the quality for the price is AMAZING!!! Saw that you could add a star-charm and got it because it went great with the Star Wars themed gift!!! & the size was perfect for this tiny pup… I’m so happy I found this seller! Will be ordering more soon for all my friends and fam’s fur-babies 🩷
REVIEW: This product is simply amazing. It is the only one my cat has been able to keep on and that she doesn’t mind. Beautifully done, and it arrived in absolutely perfect condition in the cutest handmade packaging. I recommend this to everyone!!!!
REVIEW: The packaging alone was cute and creative. And the rages them selves came out just perfect. Size is perfect for the cats and would highly recommend
REVIEW: The product is awesome and the customer service was fantastic when I had a shipping issue. Thank you so much!
REVIEW: My cat got a name tag. It is better than I expected. Thanks!
REVIEW: Love it. Precious
REVIEW: The tags at petco don’t fit half as much information. I also realize that most reviewers don’t show the back side of the tag because they don’t want to share their address. But I can say there’s a ton of room for everything and I used an xl small tag.
REVIEW: I ordered the tiniest one for my tiny kitten and it is the perfect size, I wanted the smallest one so it isn't the size of her chest lol. Despite how small it is I can still read the engraving
REVIEW: There cute small like I wanted and just right for my puppies!
REVIEW: Such a perfect little tag for my 1lb chihuahua, cute too!
REVIEW: I’m in love with my purchase! I ordered from here twice and both times were amazing! Thank you for doing such an amazing job.
REVIEW: These arrived promptly, in thoughtful packaging, and look adorable on my kitties. Highly recommend.
REVIEW: Easy to read, light weight, looks great! Especially for the price! I will likely be getting more 😄
REVIEW: Came out a little smaller than I thought. Overall Im happy with it and it gets the job done.
REVIEW: No major issues with these tags and it makes me feel a lot better in the event that my cat would get out!
REVIEW: Completely loved my kitty’s ID and the packaging was so adorable and thoughtful! Will definitely order again.
REVIEW: I love that's this pet tag goes down to such a small size. It's perfect for cats or small dogs. Super cute, too.
REVIEW: This tag is small and cute but the tag & star started changing colors within a week. I would not waste my money on this product. I have to purchase a new tag from somewhere else now.
REVIEW: Very pretty. Will purchase replacement from this seller.
REVIEW: The customer service was excellent and the product was high quality
REVIEW: Great product. Looks really nice and is easy to add on to collar. Selected silver with pup’s name, two hearts and my phone number. Hopefully she will never get misplaced but now I have hope that she would be returned.<br />Really fast shipping. I am very happy with this purchase.
REVIEW: I chose the small one because my cat is very small, and it is so cute! Ships from China, so it took a long time, but arrived in perfect condition.
REVIEW: Tiny tag for my Prinzessin kitten is great. Value for my money and so much customization!!
REVIEW: Absolutely love this. Very lightweight so my cat isn’t dragging her head because some of them are really heavy. Would recommend to anyone.
REVIEW: [[VIDEOID:dbec6af903dca27ffa5c4db055388dd8]] Ordered an xs tag with a paw print. SO CUTE! Our Yorkie is just over 4lbs. It fits great! The tag was packages well, and included an extra ring. He has worn it for a month so far. The engraving still looks like it did new.
REVIEW: It is the perfect cat sized tag. The print was clear, correct and fit nicely. They put a cute little star too. Easy to put on her collar. Great buy!
REVIEW: I love my little girls dog tag. I have had several compliments on how small and cute the dog tag is from my veterinarian.
REVIEW: Small, simple easy to find on the collar.
REVIEW: I bought two of these tags for my kittens.  We have only had the tags for 3 days, but they have already gotten pretty scratched up.  One of them arrived with a small scratch, but I didn't want to wait for a new tag to come in.  I don't think they're going to hold up very long since they scratch so easy.  They're super cute and I really love them, but with very minimally amounts of wear they are already looking a little rough. ):
REVIEW: Will definitely order again. Very cute, flawless, and a great price. I like that it’s small so it doesn’t bother my cat much.
REVIEW: My kitten cant even tell they are on
REVIEW: This came relatively quick with nice lettering . Small & lightweight enough for my tiny cat I was impressed. Too bad she lost her collar and the tag 4 days after getting it.
REVIEW: Super cute but super small.
REVIEW: I designed my kitten tag with this company and when I opened the package I was blown away. The quality was great, easy to read, we added the star onto the tag and it was well placed. We got it in the shiny sliver mini tag and honestly, I wish I had done my dog tags with this brand as well. Thank you so much I would completely recommend this brand for it does its job as well as looks stylish.
REVIEW: We got a puppy recently and I wanted a nice tag that would be easy to read but small enough for her. This was perfect. Came in within the window of shipping and arrived beautifully packed. Thanks.
REVIEW: Actually used the tags to personalize custom glass Christmas bulbs. Hardware was included that matched the tag. Beautiful like piece.
REVIEW: this name tag was exactly what i was looking for, for my cat chef boyardee beefaroni (yes that’s her name, we call her chef) hahahaha. but still great name tag. got the x-small size
REVIEW: I received my order today, the engraving was done very well and it looks so cute! Also the XS is the perfect size for my cat.
REVIEW: Exactly what I was looking for to put on my toy Shih Tzu pups.
REVIEW: It’s way too small and not easy to read. It also came really scratched up on both sides. You have to make the chain links yourself.
REVIEW: This is so cute and dainty for your pets!! I am in love with the result!!
REVIEW: I ordered two of these, one for each of my dogs, and they are both beautiful! They’re dainty and cute, but thick and seem very sturdy! The engraving is lovely and the packaging was adorable! Would definitely order again :)
REVIEW: [[VIDEOID:561c611825bea6374105bd8385501f71]] I lost my precious Hamlet who was 18 years old.  He was with me thru good times but I went thru a very sick couple of years and he was with me thru it all!<br />My son bought me a "Perfect Pet"  who mimics breathing. And he looks like my Hamlet.  It came with a bed and a brush...  then I added a picture of Hamlet, the paw impression the vet made me when he passed and his little urn.  Adding this little tag finished up my little memory area for him and makes me smile and remember my sweet friend every time I walk by.<br />THANK YOU TO THE SELLER.<br />He packaged it so well and it looks absolutely awesome.<br /><br />I highly recommend this item!!
REVIEW: This tag is so small and unreadable. It’s sturdy but the phone number on the bottom is not readable with the naked eye. The lettering could have been bolder.
REVIEW: When I received the tag for my new puppy I was delighted! The look, the feel, even the packaging was wonderful. Then I realized the lucky star charm I ordered to go with it was missing. I contacted the seller who replied immediately and not only resent the charm, but also included a gift! I highly recommend. Thanks again and keep up the good work!
REVIEW: Great but order bigger one
REVIEW: Some for my cats that I had before and three for my cats now. They are so beautiful and great quality for the price. So shiny and pretty! And the lettering is beautiful too. I will always order these again if I ever need to!!!
REVIEW: This tag is wonderfully small and very well made. It allows quite a bit of information for the size of the tag which is rare. The seller is lovely to work with.
REVIEW: The tag is tiny
REVIEW: The writing is really small...
REVIEW: Easy to read and good size for cat, while still being stylish. The packaging is very cute and makes this tag excellent as a gift.<br /><br />We came back for 4 more and they were all equal in quality.
REVIEW: Absolutely beautiful! Love love them, super light weight. My dog doesn’t mind it at all.
REVIEW: These are perfect!  Would highly recommend.  Much nicer than tags I have paid more for
REVIEW: Beautifully done dog tag. I really appreciate how the name is etched in on the front. I opted to have my number engraved on the back. Everything is very clear and easy to read. Very happy with this.
REVIEW: very cute, I love it!
REVIEW: This name tag is beautiful! I was looking for something small and light that wouldn't annoy my cat while also being durable and legible. I can't speak to the durability because it just arrived today, but it is absolutely all of the other things. I've covered my phone number in the pictures, but in person the numbers are small but still easily readable. I was initially worried about ordering the 3/4" size, but it turned out to be perfect for my Maggie.<br />I also love all of the customization options!
REVIEW: [[VIDEOID:cd013b4832cbd12310c43f0f2dc656f6]] This is the perfect size for my teacup Yorkie. However I feel like they could have used the space a little better, because it's unnecessarily written super small, making it not legible. There was plenty of blank tag leftover; they could have easily used the space better.
REVIEW: The smallest size is perfect for cats in my opinion. I was surprised by the quality, seems very durable yet lightweight. The engraving is clear to read and i love the little hearts i was able to add. I love it on him, thank you!
REVIEW: Don’t waist a dime on this “ tag “.  This is the cheapest material and it’s not even put together.
REVIEW: I was pleasantly surprised at how pretty this little tag is. All lettering precise. On the front I had the name and number. On back two alternate phone numbers and the word Microchipped engraved. The disc is not a flat piece like say a washer is. The front bevels in giving it a rounded edge appearance which ups the style significantly. The surface is shiny but the lettering is easy to read. Almost too pretty for a dog tag. This would make a dynamite charm for a bracelet it looks that good.
REVIEW: These are perfect.  We ordered two x-small for our kittens.  Fast delivery, came exactly how I customized them.  The packaging was amazing, I love them.  My kitties look so sweet.
REVIEW: All four of the tags tuned out super cute. Easy to read. Compact sizes, just want I wanted. Adorable packaging. I will definitely buy from this seller again!!!
REVIEW: Ideal for any dog. I love the description and how it looks on my dog.<br />Must have one for sure and I will purchase another in the near future.
