REVIEW: The phone number a bit small otherwise great
REVIEW: Adorable tag, the store’s customer service is amazing.
REVIEW: I received this in the mail today and I love it!! Its cute and really good quality I would definitely recommend
REVIEW: Was as described perfect for my tiny dog
REVIEW: i got an xs for my cat and i’d say it’s the size of a dime!
REVIEW: It’s so cute the extra small is very small but it still looks great and the words don’t look all smashed together. I wasn’t expecting to like it this much but it’s just the cutest thing and was packaged with care and very nicely too! Am definitely going to buy more for my other pets!
REVIEW: This product is professionally made.  The quality is amazing!  It is exactly what I wanted!
REVIEW: While the phone number is a little too low on the tag, it’s still legible and is very very good quality for the price. It was also packaged with care. Would recommend!
REVIEW: I'm using the tag as a pendant for our precious dog who got his angel wings a few weeks ago.  When I'm wearing it, he's especially close to my heart :-(
REVIEW: We absolutely love this for our little Ralphie. Chihuahua
REVIEW: I love these because they can be used for anything you want to label it's not just limited to dog tags.
REVIEW: I got the smallest size and it still fit her name, my phone number, and it let me engrave our address on the back. Looks super cute!
REVIEW: BUY THIS TAG. Our dog is 5lbs, and still wears a skinny collar made for cats. This tag was the perfect size and is very well made. Lightweight but not cheap. The engraving is perfect. Will buy another!!
REVIEW: I don’t know how to post this review without giving out my address, so it’s crossed out as good as I can with still showing that it messed up.<br />Instead of printing it on two lines, they printed it as one really long line, leaving off info. I didn’t spend a lot of money on it, so I’m not really concerned with getting my money back. I sent them a return request just to let them know what happened & they closed it out stating that they printed what was given to them.  My bad for ordering the really small one, but you can barely read what is printed.
REVIEW: These were not seen on here like I’m person way too small for 5.64 they were ridiculously small
REVIEW: Super cute. Nice quality. Hit the small one for my cat. You can still read the numbers on it.
REVIEW: I don't know why it didn't come assembled... But I put it together. And love it.
REVIEW: They’re smaller than I expected but they’re for cats so they’re actually pretty proportionate to their bodies so I’m happy with it. The size means the print is small, but it’s still pretty clear to read.
REVIEW: I bought the small and it's perfect for my cat! The quality is amazing. It's light enough for a cat but with substantial thick, nicely rounded metal. It came in adorable packaging too! I'm going to keep this item in mind if I ever need tags for anything because it's so great. It would make adorable wine glass tags too! Love it.
REVIEW: These tags are adorable and the perfect size for my kittens. The packaging was so cute and I loved how they included little bells with them!
